well this happened in june 2009
people in certain areas in japan left
their homes after a heavy downpour
only to find fish frogs and tadpoles
everywhere fields roads lawns rooftops
were littered with these aquatic
creatures one man was shocked to see
13 carp on and around his truck
apparently he stopped to count them no
one knows for sure where the bizarre
rain came from
but the most popular theory claims that
a powerful waterspout picked up all
these creatures
then it carried them through the upper
atmosphere and dropped the animals on
the unsuspecting people below
shelf clouds look like something from a
sci-fi movie they form when warm and
moist air gets caught in a thunderstorm
updraft
these ominous clouds most often mean a
storm is coming
breathtaking rainbow clouds appear on
top of
cotton-like puffy clouds after
thunderstorms
the puffy clouds are low altitude ones
they usually hover at a height of around
6000 feet
when the water vapor that contains
condenses the resulting droplets act
like prisms
this forms multicolored caps over the
clouds
morning glory clouds are extremely rare
they look like massive tubes stretching
across the sky
they can snake for more than 600 miles
sitting relatively low
most researchers agree that these clouds
appear when an
updraft squeezes through the cloud this
creates the signature rolling appearance
the cool air at the back of the cloud
makes it sink downward the best
but not the only place to see morning
glory is australia's gulf of carpinteria
if you decide to travel there to see
these clouds choose a period from late
september to early november
it was 2012 when the sky turned first
ominous dark
then yellow after that blue gelatinous
balls
started to fall to the ground a man from
the uk found these balls outside during
a hail storm
he was walking to his garage when he
spotted something unusually bright among
the whitish hailstones
when researchers examined this jelly
rain they found out the balls were made
from the substance used in diapers or
potting soil
it's used to absorb liquid it's still
unclear whether the balls fell from the
sky
or maybe the melting ice made a few
already existing crystals
expand in the blink of an eye
huge white lumps over your head are
called mammoth clouds
they can make you believe the sky is
falling
most clouds form when the air rises into
the atmosphere
but not mammoth ones they appear when
moist and cool air goes down and mixes
with dry air
the result unique puffed rice clouds
by the way if you spot this phenomenon
bad weather is
just around the corner whoa mama
colorful nakrius clouds occur extremely
high in the atmosphere
i mean twice as high as a commercial
airplane's cruising altitude
the air at such heights is extremely dry
and cold
ice crystals and aqueous clouds are much
smaller than those that form more common
clouds
they scatter light in a different way
and this gives the clouds their mother
of pearl appearance
blood rain looks more terrifying than
any horror movie
but in reality there's nothing strange
or unnatural about this weather
phenomenon
people have known about such scarlet
tinted rains since the time of ancient
rome
sometimes powerful winds lift red dust
into the atmosphere
and carry it far far away to another
galaxy
in the end this dust gets mixed with
clouds which
colors the rain by the way dust from
coal mines can make the rain black
pollen is responsible for yellow rains
and some other kinds of dust can turn
the rain water white
in australia it sometimes rains spiders
that's because these creatures can
balloon that's a highly unusual way of
traveling
a spider climbs to the very top of a
tall tree or shrub
and then it spins several strands of
silk these strands help the spider to be
carried away by the wind
it's not easy to spot ballooning but
sometimes
if the weather is especially damp and
unpleasant
mass ballooning happens and then you
can't help but pay attention
millions of spiders set off on a journey
to find another place with better
conditions
it may seem like it's snowing outside
but no
those are spiders drifting down to the
ground
ever see huge round discs in the sky
most likely those were lenticular clouds
they usually form over large and high
places like mountains or hills
when strong winds bump into some barrier
this creates an airway
the air kind of wraps around the
obstacle and the higher the barrier is
the colder the air that's rising over it
becomes
at some point the moisture it contains
turns into water droplets
and they form the unusual clouds
lenticular clouds can look like waves
a pizza or even a stack of pancakes
how yummy volcanic tornadoes are
possibly one of the most terrifying
natural phenomena
when a volcano erupts it spews red hot
rock and ash high into the air
as for solid lava pieces and hot gases
they travel down the volcano slope
when this flow moves down some of the
trapped gases begin to rise and spin
at the same time they get squeezed by
the surrounding air
which makes them spin faster and faster
that's how a volcanic tornado gets born
luckily this phenomenon has a very short
life span
on march 19 2018 the inhabitants of
alabama had to run for their lives
otherwise they would have been hit by
huge chunks of ice
falling from the sky it was the infamous
hail storm that caused millions of
dollars worth of damage
after the hail storm the area looked
gloomy
broken shop windows smashed car
windshields
busted billboards holes in the roofs at
least researchers got excited when they
found a hailstone near the town of
coleman
this softball sized monster was more
than 5
inches across no wonder it set a new
state record
cylindrical snow doughnuts occur when a
wind gust
decides to make a snowball it starts to
roll some snow
across a snowy area if it were a real
snowball
it would eventually become too heavy for
the wind to move
but the snow donut center is hollowed
out this happens because its inner layer
is too
thin and is blown away when the donut is
formed
this makes it lighter than a snowball
and that's why it also rolls farther
unfortunately you just can't go and find
snow donuts
they're rare because they need very
precise conditions to appear moonbows
are a much rarer phenomenon than
rainbows
they're caused by moonlight rather than
direct sunlight
and occur only when the moon is near
full
moon bows are dim and often seem to be
white
but it's just an illusion the human eye
is just not
sensitive enough to catch all the colors
lightning balls
are small floating spheres of light they
can be orange
yellow or even red sometimes lightning
balls descend from the sky
in other cases they appear out of
nowhere hovering several feet above the
ground
they don't emit any heat or produce very
little sound
lightning balls can bounce off objects
if they come across something electrical
like a tv
they usually disappear with a quiet pop
leaving behind the smell of sulfur
but lightning balls can also start fires
or explode
scientists believe lightning balls might
be connected with thunderstorms
but there's no solid proof yet
fog bows are almost white pale blue on
the inside
and faint red on the outside you have
higher chances of seeing a fog bow over
the cold sea or ocean when warm air
comes into contact with much colder air
this phenomenon also occurs when the sun
is bright
and the fog is thin enough for the light
to get through
pele's hair is thin lava threads they
look golden and pretty
but don't even think about picking them
up yeah they can harm you
the wind sometimes catches small
droplets of lava coming from active
volcanoes
these droplets get carried miles away
from the vent
they get stretched into super thin glass
wires
also called hair lava some strands can
be as long as six
feet in march 2018
those who looked up in the sky in
northern nevada
saw one of the rarest and most bizarre
clouds ever
it was a horseshoe cloud such a vortex
happens when a flat cloud travels over a
column of warm
rising air this air not only gives the
cloud its impressive shape
but also adds some spin to its movement
but
you've got to be quick horseshoe clouds
are very fleeting
and usually last for only several
minutes
frost flowers bloom on young sea ice in
the arctic ocean or on
thin lake ice they're fragile and
delicate ice crystals
these structures grow during temperature
changes they draw
moisture from the ice surface and rise
capturing bacteria and salt
you can find frost flowers in antarctica
too
but wherever these crystals grow people
know disappointingly
very little about them still they're
awfully pretty